1. Layering and Protocols
	1. Layering
	   It decomposes the problem of building a network into more manageable components, implementing several layers instead of monolith application.
	   It provides a more modular design that can be easily configurable and addable
	1. Protocol
	   The abstract objects that make up the layers of a network system are called protocols.
	   Each protocol defines two different interfaces:
	   1. It defines a service interface to the other objects on the same computer that want to use its communication services, which the defines the operations that local objects can perform on the protocol.
	   2. It defines the form and meaning of messages exchanged between protocol peers to implement the communication service. 
2. Encapsulation
   The data being transmitted on behalf of the application - is called the message's body or payload, which means the application encapsulates the data created by RRP. 
3. multiplexing and Demultiplexing
   Every protocol implements this multiplexing and demultiplexing. RRP just attaches to its messages containing an identifier that records the application to which  the message belongs. At the source host, RRP includes the appropriate demux key in its header so that when it arrives at the destination host, it strips its header, examines the demux key, and demultiplexes the message to correct application.
4. OSI Model
   Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) architecture defines a partitioning of network functionality into seven layers, where one or more protocols implement the functionality assigned to a given layer
5. Internet Architecture
   Internet architecture, sometimes called TCP/IP architecture, after its two main protocols at the lowest level is a wide variety of network protocols and implemented by a combination of hardware and software. Next consists of a single protocol - the IP. The layer on top of IP contains two main protocols - TCP and UDP. TCP and UDP provide alternative logical channels to application programs: TCP provides a reliable byte-stream channel, and UDP provides an unreliable datagram delivery channel. Running above the Transport layer is a range of application protocols, such as HTTP, FTP, telnet, and SMTP. Generally, the internet's application layer is considered to be at layer 7, its transport layer is layer 4, the IP layer is layer 3 and the link is layer 2. 
   
   First, internet architecture does not imply strict layering. Second, IP serves as the focal point of the architecture - it defines a common method for exchanging packets among a wide collection of networks. Thus, the issue of delivering messages from host to host is completely separated from the issue of providing a useful process-to-process communication service. Below IP, the architecture allows for arbitrarily many different network technologies. 