1. Encoding and Framing
   At the physical layer, raw bits are converted into signals (either electrical, optical, or wireless). The method used to represent these bits as signals is called encoding. 
   Speech: modulates air pressure (sound)
   ASL: modulates light
   ethernet: voltage on wire (like electric pressure)
   Fiber: light (photons) sent down fiber
   
   Framing is the process of packaging raw bits from physical layer into frames that are addressed to specific devices. Each frame contains not just the payload data but also source and destination addresses, error-checking information, and control information. 
   Start of send: 
   data send: DLE STX 
   data stop: DLE ETX
   char stuffing means that if data includes DLE, then send DLE DLE interpreted as one DLE. 
   Ex: 
   send A B C DLE ETX
   will be:
   DLE STX A B C DLE DLE ETX DLE ETX
   
2. Clock Synchronization/ Recovery
   it's crucial for the receiving end of a communication to understand when one bit stops and the next one starts. This is achieved through clock synchronization. If the clocks of the sender and receiver are not synchronized, the receiver might misinterpret where bit begin and end. 
   
3. NRZ (Non-Return-to-Zero)
   A simple encoding scheme. A high voltage represents a 1 and a low voltage represents a 0. Replacing RZ which just does -1 and 1 and between each pair of pulses, there was a brief 0 level. 
   
4. NRZI
   It's a differential encoding scheme, where 1 is represented by a transition (either low-to-high or high-to-low) and a 0 is represented by a no transition. 
   
5. Manchester
   A bit of value 0 is NRZI with the addition of a clock transition between pair of consecutive data hits. This provides clock synchronization since there's a transition for every bit. 
   
6. 4B/5B
   For every 4 bits of data, 5 bits are sent. This encoding helps synchronization and ensures that there are not too many consecutive zeros, which makes clock recovery easier.
   
7. Bit stuffing
   Used in framing to differentiate the frame boundary from the data bits. If the data contains a sequence of bits that could be interpreted as a frame boundary, extra bits are stuffed into the data to ensure this does not happen. HDLC (high level data link control) over synchronous links uses bit stuffing. 
   
8. Byte Stuffing
   Similar to bit stuffing but operates on bytes (or characters) instead of individual bits. A special byte is used as a flag to indicate the start or end of a frame. If this byte appears in the data, an escape byte is added before it. HDLC over asynchronous link uses byte stuffing.
   
9. Time Sequence Diagram
   
   A time-sequence diagram (or timing diagram) is a graphical representation showing sequences of events occurring in a system over time. For communication systems, this might represent when bits or packets are sent, received acknowledged, or lost. It's particularly useful in visualizing and analyzing the behavior of communication protocols.